[Docs][CDCSDK] Update CDC docs to reflect latest changes (#12345)
yugabyte/yugabyte-db: docs/content/preview/explore/change-data-capture/debezium-connector-yugabytedb.md

| max.queue.size | 20240 | Positive integer value for the maximum size of the blocking queue. The connector places change events received from streaming replication in the blocking queue before writing them to Kafka. This queue can provide back pressure when, for example, writing records to Kafka is slower that it should be, or when Kafka is not available. |
| max.batch.size | 10240 | Positive integer value that specifies the maximum size of each batch of events that the connector processes. |
| max.queue.size.in.bytes | 0 | Long value for the maximum size in bytes of the blocking queue. The feature is disabled by default, it will be active if it's set with a positive long value. |
| max.connector.retries | 5 | Positive integer value for the maximum number of times a retry can happen at the connector level itself. |
| connector.retry.delay.ms | 60000 | Delay between subsequent retries at the connector level. |

> | ignore.exceptions | `false` | Ignore the exceptions which should not be causing any critical runtime issues. If the flag is set to `true` the connector will simply log a warning and proceed forward. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| ignore.exceptions | `false` | Determines whether the connector ignores exceptions, which should not cause any critical runtime issues. Specify `true` to have the connector log a warning for any exception and proceed. |
```

> | ignore.exceptions | `false` | Ignore the exceptions which should not be causing any critical runtime issues. If the flag is set to `true` the connector will simply log a warning and proceed forward. |

Reviewer: Worth mentioning what happens if there is an exception and this is false?
